examples/ble-image/README.md, before:

| Supported Targets | ESP32 | ESP32-S3 (Only when EPDiy is tested with new Lilygo |
| ----------------- | ----- | -------- |

# ESP-IDF Gatt Server Example

This example shows how create a GATT service by adding attributes one by one. However, this method is defined by Bluedroid and is difficult for users to use.

Check Espressif GATT server example to see how all this started. 
Credits on this go to [ATC](https://twitter.com/atc1441) and for the BLE advice to Larry Bank

## How to Use Example

Before project configuration and build, be sure to set the correct chip target using:

```bash
idf.py set-target <chip_name>
```

### Hardware Required

* A development board with ESP32/ESP32-C3/ESP32-C2/ESP32-H2/ESP-S3 SoC (e.g., ESP32-DevKitC, ESP-WROVER-KIT, etc.)
* A USB cable for Power supply and programming

See [Development Boards](https://www.espressif.com/en/products/devkits) for more information about it.

### Build and Flash

Run `idf.py -p PORT flash monitor` to build, flash and monitor the project.

(To exit the serial monitor, type ``Ctrl-]``.)

See the [Getting Started Guide](https://idf.espressif.com/) for full steps to configure and use ESP-IDF to build projects.

### Settings for UUID128

This example works with UUID16 as default. To change to UUID128, follow this steps:

1. Change the UIID16 to UUID128. You can change the UUID according to your needs.

```c
// Create a new UUID128 (using random values for this example)
uint8_t gatts_service_uuid128_test_X[ESP_UUID_LEN_128] = {0x06, 0x18, 0x7a, 0xec, 0xbe, 0x11, 0x11, 0xea, 0x00, 0x16, 0x02, 0x42, 0x01, 0x13, 0x00, 0x04};
```

By adding this new UUID128, you can remove the `#define` macros with the old UUID16.

2. Add the new UUID128 to the profile.

```c
// Change the size of the UUID from 16 to 128
gl_profile_tab[PROFILE_X_APP_ID].service_id.id.uuid.len = ESP_UUID_LEN_128;
// Copy the new UUID128 to the profile
memcpy(gl_profile_tab[PROFILE_X_APP_ID].service_id.id.uuid.uuid.uuid128, gatts_service_uuid128_test_X, ESP_UUID_LEN_128);
```

3. Remove the following line(s)
```c
gl_profile_tab[PROFILE_X_APP_ID].service_id.id.uuid.uuid.uuid16 = GATTS_SERVICE_UUID_TEST_X;
```

### How to send the BLE image

Just [create an account in CALE.es](https://cale.es) and add a 960*560 Screen. The LilyGo epaper should have this Firmware flashed.

Commit message:

Update Readme. Comment rtc_gpio_isolate(CLK)

examples/ble-image/README.md, after:

| Supported Targets | ESP32 | ESP32-S3 (Only when EPDiy is tested with new Lilygo |
| ----------------- | ----- | -------- |

# ESP-IDF Gatt Server Example

This example shows how create a GATT service by adding attributes one by one. However, this method is defined by Bluedroid and is difficult for users to use.
This branch incorporates the updates done in this [EPDiy pull request #180](https://github.com/vroland/epdiy/pull/180) to update the component so it builds in ESP-IDF Version 5.

Check Espressif GATT server example to see how all this started. 
Credits on this go to [ATC](https://twitter.com/atc1441) and for the BLE advice to Larry Bank

## How to Use Example

Before project configuration and build, be sure to set the correct chip target using:

```bash
idf.py set-target <chip_name>
```

### Hardware Required

* An EPDiy PCB development board with ESP32/ESP-S3 SoC (e.g., Lilygo old board or new one with ESP32S3)
* A USB cable for Power supply and programming

Please note that the [Lilygo ESP047 S3 version](https://www.tindie.com/products/lilygo/lilygo-t5-47-inch-e-paper-v23-esp32-s3/) that I'm starting to adapt in this branch is still not tested and we need to wait until the device arrives to our office to fully test it.
See [Development Boards](https://www.espressif.com/en/products/devkits) for more information about it.

### Build and Flash

Run `idf.py -p PORT flash monitor` to build, flash and monitor the project.

(To exit the serial monitor, type ``Ctrl-]``.)

See the [Getting Started Guide](https://idf.espressif.com/) for full steps to configure and use ESP-IDF to build projects.

### Settings for UUID128

This example works with UUID16 as default. To change to UUID128, follow this steps:

1. Change the UIID16 to UUID128. You can change the UUID according to your needs.

```c
// Create a new UUID128 (using random values for this example)
uint8_t gatts_service_uuid128_test_X[ESP_UUID_LEN_128] = {0x06, 0x18, 0x7a, 0xec, 0xbe, 0x11, 0x11, 0xea, 0x00, 0x16, 0x02, 0x42, 0x01, 0x13, 0x00, 0x04};
```

By adding this new UUID128, you can remove the `#define` macros with the old UUID16.

2. Add the new UUID128 to the profile.

```c
// Change the size of the UUID from 16 to 128
gl_profile_tab[PROFILE_X_APP_ID].service_id.id.uuid.len = ESP_UUID_LEN_128;
// Copy the new UUID128 to the profile
memcpy(gl_profile_tab[PROFILE_X_APP_ID].service_id.id.uuid.uuid.uuid128, gatts_service_uuid128_test_X, ESP_UUID_LEN_128);
```

3. Remove the following line(s)
```c
gl_profile_tab[PROFILE_X_APP_ID].service_id.id.uuid.uuid.uuid16 = GATTS_SERVICE_UUID_TEST_X;
```

### How to send the BLE image

Just [create an account in CALE.es](https://cale.es) and add a 960*560 Screen. The LilyGo epaper should have this Firmware flashed.
